Subtitles Provided by: BOTHD. EaZy
Verified. Resynced & Edited by: Muzzy-chan
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Eye movement detected.
What is 2 plus 2?
Incorrect.
Cognition assessment.
What is 2 plus 2?
Incorrect.
You have been in
a medically induced coma.
You may experience memory loss.
difficulty speaking.
Body movement detected.
For your own safety.
please return to the medical platform.
Please remember. muscle function
has not yet been restored.
No.
People!
Hello!
Oh.
Where am I?
Why is there an atomic resolution
scanning electron microscope?
Why do I know that?
Am I smart?
Hello?
- Please record video diary.
- No.
Can I speak to
the person in charge?
The captain.
Captain Yao Li-Jie. Deceased.
Yeah. Where are
the living people?
Dr. Ryland Grace.
End of manifest.
I can't be the only
person here. right?
Pilot detected.
No! No. No-No. Not the pilot.
Uh. call. uh. Houston.
Unknown command.
Operation go home in effect.
Invalid operation.
That's the sun!
There it is.
So. what are we
like Neptune-ish?
Let's crank up the
radio and call Earth.
Current transmission
time to Earth...
is 11 years. 10 months.
14 days and 6 hours.
No. Nope. You're wrong.
I need a map.
Oh.
Uh.
That's so far.
That's really far.
Uh.
That's not our sun.
Where is the fuel?
Wait.
We are just minutes away from the fly-by
through the Petrova line near Venus.
So. what can you tell us
about the ArcLight probe?
What do we expect to find?
The image we see will be coming
from the onboard microscope.
Oh!
Oh my God!
Sorry. I have to go now.
♪ Sound waves are physical ♪
♪ And at different frequencies ♪
♪ They make different patterns... ♪
No.
♪ ...patterns... ♪
♪ They make different patterns ♪
Olivia. can you help me out?
Try going.
There we go.
Whoa!
Yeah?
Are they really eating the sun?
The space dots?
That is a great
question. uh. Rekha.
And I'd be curious what
your parents think about that?
I'm not sure it
should come from me.
Hey. who wants to
play a game of...
The beanbag is lava!
Lava! Lava! Lava!
What is the speed
of light. Olivia?
- Uh... Uh...
- It's melting your hands. Olivia!
A 186.000 miles... per second!
Oh! Give her a
round of applause.
That is awesome!
What is the Petrova line?
Ha ha ha! Pass!
You can't pass.
- Lava! Lava! Lava!
- I just did. Whoa!
Lava! Lava! Lava!
Come on. guys.
Two years ago.
a radio telescope enthusiast
named Irina Petrova.
she noticed that there was
a streak of infrared light
from the sun to Venus.
And that is now known
as the Petrova line.
That's it.
That's the dots?
They think so.
What dots?
These dots.
They sent a probe up
to the Petrova line.
and this is what they found.
Are they eating the sun?
They seem to be dimming the sun
a tiny. teeny. weeny little bit.
So no big whoop.
It's a small whoop.
It's a small-to-medium whoop.
Over the next 30 years.
the Earth could...
cool maybe 10 to
15 degrees.
So it is a big whoop.
I heard that all
the crops will die.
the economy will free-fall.
and half the Earth
will die of starvation.
Well...
We're all gonna die.
Yeah. it's true.
You're forgetting something.
Guys. guys!
That's if that were
to happen. right?
They're gonna figure this out.
Right now. the best
minds in the entire world
are on it.
♪ Well. I woke up Sunday morning ♪
♪ With no way to hold my head that didn't hurt ♪
Good morning. Dr. Grace.
I'm up.
♪ And the beer I had for breakfast wasn't bad ♪
♪ So I had one more for dessert ♪
♪ Then I headed back for home ♪
♪ And somewhere far away a lonely bell was ringin' ♪
♪ And it echoed through the canyons ♪
♪ Like the disappearing dreams of yesterday ♪
♪ On the Sunday morning sidewalks ♪
♪ Wishing. Lord. that I was stoned ♪
♪ Cause there's something in a Sunday ♪
♪ Makes a body feel alone ♪
♪ And there's nothin' short of dyin' ♪
♪ Half as lonesome as the sound ♪
♪ On the sleepin' city sidewalk ♪
♪ Sunday mornin' comin' down ♪
♪ Do. do. do. do. do. do. do. do ♪
Knock. knock.
Who's there?
Not good at jokes.
Not good at jokes. who?
Dr. Grace.
Maybe.
Eva Stratt.
I’m with the Petrova Task Force.
I need your help.
Me?
Did you write this?
Oh.
I'm interested in
this section here.
- Uh...
- Page 31.
“The Goldilocks Zone Is For Idiots:
Why Everyone Is Wrong About Life.”
That was a long time ago.
Do you stand by what you wrote?
I was fired for
standing by what I wrote.
You were fired for calling
the leading scholar in your field
“a staggering waste of carbon”
at the UNESCO conference in Denmark.
You-You heard about that. huh?
Look. I don't know what this is.
but. uh... I think. uh...
I'm not su—
That's lava.
- It's not.
- Okay.
No one in your field wants
anything to do with you
because you refuse to back
down from a very unpopular view.
and I can give you a chance
to prove them all wrong.
Uh. that's uh...
Kevin. no running.
I'm not.
Joke's on them because
I don't even care. so...
I think you do care.
You're just running away
because you're scared.
No. I'm not.
Do you still believe water is
unnecessary for life to evolve?
Uh...
Look. there is nothing magical
about hydrogen and oxygen.
Water is required for
life on Earth. sure.
but a completely different planet might
have completely different conditions.
I don't know why that
makes me such a nut.
I need you to come with us.
- Sorry. I didn't catch your name.
- Carl.
Carl. hi.
Dr. Grace.
Petrova line samples
splashed down last night.
I want you to tell me what
they are. how they work.
I am a teacher at
Grover Cleveland Middle.
You have a doctorate
in molecular biology.
And I ride a bike to work.
and. uh. it's not for exercise.
So I'm sure there are
thousands of other people...
It survives on the
surface of the sun.
Does that sound like a
water-based life form to you?
The sun's really
dying. isn't it?
Yeah.
Is all of this necessary?
Yes.
Please analyze
the Petrova sample.
Um...
Just one thing.
The entire room
is filled with argon.
Just try not to rip your suit.
Uh...
Am I expendable?
Is that what you want me?
That's not the only reason.
It's almost like
you don't care if I die.
Hold on.
You have to talk about it?
The consensus here is that
it would be preferable if you did not die.
Thanks. guys.
Oh.
Welcome to Earth.
Are they alive?
They're moving.
So they're alive.
Yes. they're moving.
but that could be for many reasons.
What are they made of?
It’s gonna take a long ti—
It took like 200 years to figure out
how bacteria works. so...
Please do it faster.
I'm just going through the
whole light spectrum here.
Wow!
You're not going
to believe this.
Nothing happened.
I can’t see into these buggers.
Amazing.
X-rays. microwaves.
gamma rays. visible light.
Nothing!
Ooh. ooh. ooh.
I’ve been dying to do this all day!
It's a cell.
It's a cell...
Wake up! It's a cell!
It's a tiny alien cell.
You guys!
Applause.
Guys! This is first contact!
It's life! Outside of the—
Uh-oh.
Oh. it died.
What?
This is great news.
Now we can find out
what they're made of.
You guys fired up?
Yes!
Right?
Carbon.
Oxygen.
Hydrogen.
Oh.
It's made...
almost entirely...
of water.
Alright.
Sorry if I overreacted in there.
Just. uh. realizing I was wrong about
the only original idea I ever had.
Yeah. what else did you learn?
They give off infrared
light when they move.
Mmm-mmm.
Like so much. I don't know how
they store store all that energy.
But their wavelength is exactly
the Petrova frequency.
The light is how they move.
Yeah. they consume the sun's energy.
and then they expel it for propulsion.
They toot to scoot. basically.
Why did it go to Venus?
I don't know.
- Okay. we'll tell you.
- What?
I have 347 other biologists in 21
countries mobilizing as we speak.
So thank you for your help.
I'm glad you didn't die.
Let's pack this up!
That's it?!
That's it. Carl?
Talk to her.
You're taking all this stuff?
At the school you said there were thousands
of people more qualified than you. so...
I was being modest.
I don't need modest.
I need people who think they're right
when everyone else thinks they're wrong.
I need people who
piss other people off.
That's me!
Do you want to
be on our project?
If you...
If you think
I can help. then...
Just answer the question.
I want to help the world.
I left you three dots.
Just three. huh?
Plus the one you killed.
I would take the three.
- Yes?
- I'll-I'll take the dots.
Get to work. Dr. Grace.
The world is counting on you.
Hey. Carl?
This is Carl.
Imagine... for a second that
you're an interstellar microorganism.
I'm not doing that.
Why would you leave
the Sun and go to Venus?
Why not stop at
Mercury. it's closer?
Maybe fresh air?
Venus's atmosphere
is mostly CO2.
Maybe that's fresh air to them.
You don't know what doing
a little space dust like?
Hey. Carl?
Do we have an expense account?
We don't.
But. I do.
Thank you.
Do you have a coupon?
We don't need a coupon.
We're the government.
Which government?
All of them.
So this box is Venus?
The box is Venus.
It's set to emit the same infrared
light frequency as Venus's CO2 atmosphere.
So if the dots move when
you turn the lights on.
that means they're
looking for CO2.
Thus proving the Carl Hypothesis.
Sick.
- All right.
You ready?
Uh-oh.
Why are you saying. uh-oh?
The Astrophage
moved off the slide.
Huh?
We lost them.
What do you mean we lost them?
Go get them.
If I open the door
in the light....
they’re gonna escape.
and then we’ll lose them forever.
At least now they're in the box.
So we’ll just
turn the lights off.
But there’ll still be light.
It’s gotta be total darkness.
Okay. so just put
this box in another box.
Go ahead and close it. Over.
I can hear you.
Entering phase two.
I'm in.
Please report. Over.
There's one.
There's two!
Come on. get the third one.
Got sample three.
The Three Musketeers.
The Three Stooges.
Uh-oh.
What?
Are you sitting down?
No. I'm standing
like a grown man.
'Cause there's a fourth.
What?
We're fathers. Carl.
Now I'm sitting down.
Stratt.
Carl and I made a baby.
What?
We figured out how
Astrophage breeds.
Don't move.
Wheels up.
You know. Carl. when Stratt
said she was sending a jet.
I thought you meant like a PJ or something.
I thought you did.
I know that.
Take this.
It's been a long time since I've taken a pill
from a stranger without knowing what it was.
Stop!
Dr. Grace. how was your flight?
Where are we?
The ocean.
The Astrophage reproduction.
can you do it at scale?
Oh. in theory.
Uh. you just get a bunch
of elbow-shaped pipe.
put sunlight in one end...
Excuse me for a second.
Write it down.
Yes. ma’am.
...and IR line CO2 in the other.
- Repeat.
- Anything else you need for this?
Just some water.
He gave me a pill
and it’s still in my throat.
Two venti coffees?
Thank you so much.
Water for him.
Or coffee. That's it.
I need both.
Or not.
Okay. so this is kind of a tough room.
So don't take it personally.
I don't need anything fancy.
As long as there's a bed
and a shower. I'm good.
So...
I can't.
- I can’t do this.
- Come on. Yes.
- I can’t. I can’t.
- You’re doing great.
Everyone. this is Dr. Ryland Grace
from the United States.
Please go here.
Thank you.
And he figured out
how to breed Astrophage.
How did you do it?
How long does the process take?
Was it reproduced by
mitosis or meiosis?
What is the incubation period?
Um...
Carl and I made a mini Venus
out of a plywood box....
and as soon as the samples recognized
the. uh. spectral signature of CO2.
they were...
They were like. “Whoomp! There it is!”
- Okay.
- “Whoomp! There it is!”
You can sit down
in this chair.
Who’s Carl?
While your experiment
was crude and clumsy.
our scientists have
replicated his results.
I'm sorry.
how did you see...?
How did you...?
We estimate an eight-day doubling
time under optimal conditions.
Dr. Grace is right.
- Oh.
- It is the CO2.
That's why they're
going to Venus.
Please say it for everyone.
That's why they're
going to Venus.
So that’s why they’re going to Venus.
is what Dr. Grace wants to say.
They’re going to breed.
Whoomp. there it is.
I really like him.
How long to make two
million kilograms?
Two million?
Two million is...
Why... on Earth would you
need that much Astrophage?
Nobody told him?
He has no clearance.
Please stand up. Dr. Grace.
Clearance?
Stand up.
I hereby grant you top secret clearance to all
information pertaining to Project Hail Mary.
What's Project Hail Mary?
All right.
The sun is not the
only star dying.
There is a clear
pattern of infection.
Every star was infected
by its neighbor except one.
Tau Ceti?
Tau Ceti.
That's right. 11.9 light years away.
It is uninfected despite being well
within the cluster of infected stars.
Why?
Why? Tell him.
We don't know.
Which is why we decided to build
a ship to go there and find out.
It's 11.9 light years away.
You can't just build
an interstellar ship.
Oh. yeah. we can.
The ship is not
really the problem.
The energy required to power
the ship is the problem.
It was the problem.
Weep. weep.
The Astrophage is the fuel.
Provided we can
make enough of it.
And for that. we
need you. my friend.
Me?
Ooh. Those little guys
store a lot of energy.
One mistake in that much
Astrophage could vaporize...
California.
That’s true. which is why
you now live on a boat
in the middle of the ocean
in case. "boom boom".
I live on the boat?
You do.
So you wanna build
a near-light speed spaceship.
have it travel further
than any human-made object
has ever traveled.
and visit a star just to...
“see what’s up”?
Yeah.
And then what?
There won’t be enough
fuel for a round-trip.
so they send their findings
back to Earth on probes.
And. uh. the astronauts...
die in space?
Yes.
Space.
Any other plans
you’ve thought of?
Anything else. any else
you’re kicking around?
There are infinite possibilities
for this to go wrong.
It almost certainly won’t work.
It's what you Americans
would call a long shot.
Hail Mary.
I get it now.
The alternative is
to just do nothing.
And to starve and
to kill each other
and watch everything on
this planet go extinct.
including us.
So...
That's a long time
to be in space.
We'll be in comas
for most of it.
But is that even safe?
Nothing about this is safe.
We only need three.
A pilot.
an engineer.
and a scientist.
Commander Yao.
I must have known you.
but I just don't remember.
You make a funny face in
literally every picture.
You must have been very
smart and strong and brave.
Ilyukhina.
First. I owe you
three bags of vodka.
You seem to have
had a lot of friends.
This picture of you.
what looks like
sneaking into the Kremlin.
is
legendary.
I wish you were still here.
I wish I wasn't alone.
I wish I was doing a better job.
I just. uh...
You were both very loved.
You deserve much more than this.
I'll do my best to make
sure that you don't...
You know. that you didn't...
I'll do my best.
Approaching Tau Ceti orbit.
Prepare for engine cutoff.
- 14....
- What?
- ...13....
- Why engine cutoff?
- ...12....
- Seems like...
- ...11....
- something we should talk about.
...10....
Pilot detected. 6....
- ...5. 4....
- What? No. I’m not a pilot!
- ...3. 2....
- What happens at zero?
I mean. what?
You are now orbiting Tau Ceti.
Ah!!!
What the fudging fudger!
Ah! Ah! Ah! Uh!
Petrovascope operational.
It's Tau Ceti.
You have a Petrova line.
but you're not dimming.
Why?
What is that?
Blip-A detected.
What's a Blip-A?
No. no. No. no. no.
Let's go. Let's go. Mary.
No. no. no.
no. no. no. no.
Pilot detected!
Please engage restraint.
Getting out of here.
Engage spin drive.
Engage the spin drive.
Incorrect.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Welcome to the Hail Mary.
Is it this thing?
Erratic maneuver detected.
Yuck.
Blip-A detected.
Ahhh!
What do they want?
What?
Blip-B detected.
What’s a Bl—?
Current distance from
Hail Mary is 800 meters.
It's sending me something.
It could be a message.
It could be a bomb.
Is it a bomb?
Shields up!
There are no shields
on board the Hail Mary.
Why not?
30 meters.
20 meters.
10.
Well. I guess there's egg
on both our faces. huh. Mary?
Blip-C detected.
What's that?
Why is it moving so much
slower than the last one?
They think I'm dumb.
If we were going to
catch it. what would we do?
Would you like to go on
a space walk. Dr. Grace?
To begin your space walk.
put on your EVA suit
and proceed to the airlock.
Yeah.
Yes!
No.
It's just crazy.
Righty tighty. lefty loosey.
xenon's a gas.
I think this thing's broken.
We need equipment to analyze
the Astrophage at Tau Ceti.
Correct?
- Dr. Grace.
- Sorry. Hi.
Most of this equipment
won't work in zero gravity.
And we have a team to develop and build
zero gravity versions of this equipment.
We would need years for that.
and we have months.
What's the alternative?
We make gravity.
Centrifuge?
Centrifuge.
They. uh. use them to make butter
during the Civil War. actually.
It's a... fun fact.
Lab operational.
Still xenon!
Up is down! Left is right!
xenon's a solid!
Aliens are real!
I'm wrong about everything
and everything's wrong.
Lefty tighty. righty loosey.
I mean...
Oh no!
Foreign presence detected.
You're a long way from home.
I'm a long way from home. too.
Blip-D detected.
Is that me?
My ship.
I don't understand.
Oh.
You want me to go
back in my ship?
But I just got here.
Oh.
Okay.
I'll talk to you later.
Bye.
What are they doing. Mary?
It is not advised to modify
the centrifugal settings of the ship.
Thank you. Mary.
What?
Oh my.
This is new.
Anybody home?
I like what you've
done with the gravity.
I made you a ship.
It's ramen.
I only made one.
I'm... not sure how
many of you there are.
Hi.
No-No-No-No-No!
I’m sorry. I’m sorry.
You scared me when you went...
Wow!
Can't seem to see a face.
Mysterious.
Faces are overrated.
You like tapping. huh?
This is fun.
You're pointing!
You're not tapping.
Sorry.
Another present.
I don't have one of these.
I love it! Thank you.
What. I put this on my head?
Take off my head?
Take my helmet off?
No.
It'll...
That's a big ask.
Oh.
This has taken a turn.
Thank you for the. uh.
what I hope is not handcuffs.
And I'm sorry about
the whole helmet thing.
Unfortunately. I need oxygen
to breathe. so...
Two rings of eight.
O2.
You little rascal.
This is oxygen!
I still don't think
I can do it. though.
Sorry.
It's just. uh... if I'm wrong.
I'm really wrong.
It's the Petrova line.
We're here for the same reason.
You have a Petrova
line problem. too.
You need to solve it.
I need to solve it.
That's why you made me this.
I’m gonna take that as a yes.
If we’re gonna save our planets.
we have to learn how to communicate.
You know. they say math
is the universal language.
I thought maybe we find out if that’s true?
You see the numbers?
Oh. you want this?
Whoa!
Christmas Eve. that is...
It's really hot in there.
Is that ammonia?
Anyway. that's...
Look. see the numbers?
No. They're on the other side.
Do it again.
If you do it again. and you...
Don't let it snap back.
So don't...
Don’t do it. Don’t do it.
Hold it like that.
And you look—
Wow.
How ’bout something else?
Look at this.
A clock.
We both have time. right?
These are the hands.
and these are the numbers.
One. two. three.
They point to the numbers.
And if you'll notice. there's numbers there.
and there's also numbers here.
Okay.
It is dark.
I got an idea.
Wait.
Don't... Yeah.
Don't go anywhere.
Stay.
Oh.
Oh. yeah.
Um... I'm Grace.
I'm gonna call you Rocky.
You know. ’cause you
look like a giant rock.
Oh!
Um...
I’m fine.
Echolocation. Right?
You need surfaces to see.
Try this.
You see the numbers?
What is that?
Is that good?
Jazz hands means "good"?
We do this.
Your version of this
is our thumbs up.
Nope. That's thumbs down.
We do the thumbs up.
It's close enough.
You want me to wait?
I wait?
Yeah. No.
I'm really. uh. really excited
to be working with you on this.
Fired up.
I'm sorry I'm talking so much.
It's just that I haven't been
around anyone in a long time.
Oh.
What have we got here?
It's a clock.
I showed you
a clock and...
you're showing me
a clock.
We're. uh. clock bros.
Right.
Um. I gotta be honest.
I'm...
I'm not sure
I'm getting all of this.
Check this out.
I thought I might record you.
Oh. no. no.
Nope. that's okay.
It's just a microphone.
It works like this.
What do they say.
uh. let's start with one.
One.
No. no.
Wait. wait. wait. sorry.
Okay. one. and...
One!
Okay.
So. uh. I met an alien.
and we're learning
to communicate.
Let's do names.
Okay. let's start with you.
Rocky.
You done?
My name...
can't wait to hear this.
is Grace.
What's your word for my name?
Go ahead.
You know. enough to order at
restaurants. we have about 250 words.
My atmosphere would
kill him and his meat.
but I like to keep a wall up
in my relationships anyways.
He's a mechanic. I think.
He uses a metal form of xenon.
He can make anything.
Look at this.
I'm calling it xenonite.
And if I can't understand what
he's saying. which is most of the time.
he puts on a little puppet
show for me and my tiny brain.
and you know what?
I don't mind it.
He's kind of growing on me.
At least he's not
growing in me. you know.
which was a concern
for a little while.
His sun is dying. too. so...
maybe we can help each other.
Recognize this?
We call it "Astrophage".
It means star-eater.
"Astrophage on me star.
Bad. bad. bad. bad. bad. bad.
bad. bad. bad. bad. bad. bad."
Yeah.
Same.
Why are you alone?
23.
Wow.
Um...
What happened to them?
I'm sorry.
How did they die?
There were three of us.
and two died on the way here.
I wish I knew why.
Now it's only me.
Correction.
Deal.
Called a "fist bump".
by the way.
What’s that?
"Fist my bump"?
No. it's fist bump.
It's not the same.
Exactly. The Astrophage has to reach Tau Ceti.
otherwise we wouldn't see the Petrova line.
Ho ho ho.
Do we really need
this whole model?
Right.
Oh boy.
You know. I used to have one of these in my
classroom and it was a lot simpler to set up.
One sec.
What? What?
That is a great question.
You know what? Try this.
Why is a school teacher
in space. question?
No.
Don’t like that voice.
- Can't unhear it. really.
- Scary.
Let's try this.
Ooh.
- Why is a school teacher in space? Mmm.
- Nope. No need to even continue. Good. Nope.
Why is a school teacher in space?
What’s so funny. question?
- I mean...
- It has charm. but no.
Meryl Streep?
Why is a school teacher in space?
She can do anything.
Don’t think so.
Why is a school teacher in space?
That's not bad.
I like.
All right.
And in answer to your question.
I have no idea what I'm doing in space.
I don't remember.
Is okay.
Grace find out when Grace go home.
I'm gonna go to sleep.
Mmm.
No understand. word.
Sleep?
Uh. just. you go like this.
Died? Is died? Died?
No. no. no. no. no.
No. Not died.
Just lay here for
29.000 seconds and then we...
Wake up!
Oh. understand.
- We call this...
- Okay. here we go.
Sleep.
Good night. sir.
I watch Grace sleep.
No. that's fine.
That's a little weird.
I'll be good.
Good night!
No. not safe.
Eridians must watch sleep.
That's really interesting.
That sounds like something. uh.
you know. we can unpack that tomorrow.
Rocky watch crew many days.
Crew not wake up.
That's where you're gonna be?
No. it's usually closer.
On your chest.
I wonder if it would work
from a little farther back.
But Grace won't feel
comfortable and safe.
Well. I. look. I'm seeing
so many sides of you lately.
and it's great.
Right now I'm seeing
the underside of you.
I'm kind of a side sleeper anyway.
Good night.
So. we watch each other sleep.
Eridians don't sleep
like a human does.
They seem
legitimately paralyzed.
If danger comes.
he can't wake up.
It's a survival norm.
Someone has to keep you safe.
Attention. mission update.
Scientific objective completed.
Flight team. I want you
to meet Dr. Ryland Grace.
He is currently the
world's leading authority
in Astrophage biology.
Dr. Grace. these are
the three astronauts
going on the mission
and their backups for redundancy.
Yao.
Ilyukhina. and DuBois.
Our pilot. engineer.
and science officer.
It's an honor.
I'm excited to share what
I've learned about Astrophage
and spin drives.
We have 1.009 of these
Little Engines That Could on the Hail Mary...
And. uh...
Why is he speaking
to us like we're children.
Don't worry about it.
you'll get used to it.
Okay.
You’re doing great.
What?
Once the mission is complete. we have
the option to end our lives on our terms.
The alternative is slow.
miserable death by starvation.
I want to do lethal injection
with a little bit of heroin.
I will have what she's having.
Following on from Dr. Grace's discovery.
we've built an IR emitter
set to the wavelength
of CO2. which attracts
the Astrophage to
this revolver face.
The drive then rotates outwards. yeah?
We increase the IR.
the Astrophage get excited.
thrust the ship forward.
and so on and so on.
This is less than a gram of
Astrophage. and we only need
a fraction of this for this demonstration.
if you want to take a look.
To do what?
To melt a metric ton of metal.
Powerful stuff.
Commander Yao. I really
appreciate what you all are doing.
You would do the same.
I would choose just
not to go at all.
I don't have the bravery gene
that you all have. Trust me.
It's not a gene. You just need
to find someone to be brave for.
Movement detected.
Hi. Grace.
You're in a ball!
So Rocky no die in
Grace atmosphere.
I come up.
Oh. you're coming up.
Foreign entity detected.
Grace and Rocky. big science.
How to kill Astrophage together.
I keep going this way?
- This room boring.
- Rocky!
Science. Save Earth.
Save Erid. Good plan.
No! No! No!
No! No!
What's this down here. question?
Amaze. amaze. amaze.
Rocky want to see human technology.
Dirty. dirty. dirty. dirty. dirty.
Why room so messy. question?
Well. I wasn't
expecting company. was I?
Is this room for garbage?
- Oh.
- Dirty. dirty. dirty.
- No. This is the lab.
This is. uh. where
the science happens.
What's this? What's this?
Oh. that's an evaporator.
What's this?
That is the disco ball.
That makes me happy.
Rocky will build workshop here.
Will need much room for Rocky
and much less space for Grace.
What is happening here?
We go Petrova line.
We collect Astrophage.
We study it.
We go home.
We collect.
We save Earth.
And when you say
“we.” uh. where?
I see Grace!
- Whoa! Enough!
- Apology. apology. apology.
Rocky. stay!
Rocky new to ball.
Rocky. my hand is up.
We can't just show up in a space
ball unannounced and move into
someone else's spaceship. right?
There has to be boundaries.
Boundaries.
We have one mission.
Mission.
But we're two
distinct individuals.
Individuals.
Both working on our distinct
individual parts of that mission.
Mission.
- Separately.
Okay.
Where my bedroom?
Bedrooms?
For what?
So I have a new roommate now.
Be careful back there. okay?
The chore wheel's pretty lopsided.
Where on Earth does that go?
Not on Earth. More high.
It goes this way?
- Wall. Wall.
- All the way out to here?
Yes. Out pointy.
What?
He tells me what to do.
He tells me why to do it.
He tells me how to do it.
He tells me when to do it.
And then when I do it.
he's like. "What are you doing?"
I'm just saying you're going to get out
of the ball to get into a much bigger ball?
Yes. For sleeping.
Why?
Sounds like you’re having an argument.
You don't even use a bed!
Conflict is normal amongst crewmembers.
You know you have the. like.
Hellraiser thing that you sleep on.
- What do you need a bed for?
- Grumpy. angry. stupid.
How long since
last sleep. question?
Don't talk to it!
Armando. Yes.
Can I help you?
You're doing this.
It's a lot of this.
And then he's like.
"No understand. no understand."
And then it's like.
"I need a word."
You know what the word is?
Bossy.
I'm like one of the villains
in the Superman movie.
I'm just. like... trapped in hell.
Get me out of here!
His eating habits are...
exotic.
Grace look disgust when eat.
How do you look when you eat?
Is look beautiful.
Show me.
Oh. my God.
He has incredible hearing.
He can see through walls.
Personal space is at a premium.
Who is Grace
talking to. question?
There's no way you
can hear me right now.
Can hear.
Who are you talking to?
You can hear this?
Yes. Grace say.
"You can hear this?"
What about this?
- Yes.
- Oh. my God.
Look at this.
Look how far away he is.
That is where he is.
Hello. Grace.
He's right here.
- Hello. Grace friend.
- Okay.
Did Grace find
sampler instruction?
Yes. I found the sampler instruction...
Yes. I found the sampler instruction.
He's really smart
about some things.
Oh. my God. He's got a gun!
Oh. this?
No. no. no.
This to screen in front.
And now this to that over here.
Now Rocky can hear screen.
Please don't point it at me.
Oh. point over here.
- Yes.
- Oh. okay. Now over there.
You’re pointing at me again.
But his species doesn't know about
things like relativity and radiation.
And the rest of the crew?
In mid of ship there.
In here?
And where did you
keep the Astrophage?
Fuel tanks next to
Rocky workshop there.
I think the radiation is
what made your crew sick. Rock.
The Astrophage probably
just protected you from it.
This isn't something
that you could have fixed.
But I guess together we're.
you know. pretty smart.
Since we're only gonna be able to intersect
with the Petrova line for a few seconds.
we're not gonna have enough
time to get a good sample.
Too fast.
Do puppet show. Too fast.
I don't want to
do the puppet show.
No. do puppet show.
This is us.
We're. you know.
flying along.
The problem is. because the solar
system is constantly moving.
the Petrova line is gonna
constantly be moving. right?
Am I still doing it?
You still want it?
Yes. yes. Show time.
So we're not gonna
have time to get the sample.
No. no. no.
Use planet gravity
to move with line.
You mean sort of like
rest in its orbit?
Yes.
I didn't think of that.
I did.
We figured out a plan.
We're gonna orbit the
planet where Astrophage breeds.
collect a sample. and figure
out why it's not eating Tau Ceti.
Who is Grace talking to?
I'm not talking to anyone.
I need a break.
Break from what?
Oh my God. forget it.
This isn't going to work.
150 million kilometers away.
racing along at 162
kilometers per second.
We should arrive at Tau Ceti e at...
Arrival at Tau Ceti e
in 11 days. 3 hours. and 14 minutes.
Thank you. Mary.
You're welcome. Dr. Grace.
You're welcome. Rocky.
Welcome to Earth.
- You are in the Mental Health Node.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa!
Careful. Rocky. Rock. Look out below.
The beach is always changing.
You could go to the
same spot every day.
You're always looking
at a different beach.
Trees.
And you climb.
and you climb to the top if you can.
He’s so excited about us both getting to go home.
There's no harm in
pretending for a little while.
- Touch the wave. Rock.
- Touching the wave.
Is wiping out.
Hanging ten.
- Hey!
- Oh!
The Big Apple. baby.
In Three. Apollo trains him.
And in Seven. he trains Apollo’s kid.
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
- Punch. punch. punch. punch.
- Nice!
- ♪ I say either. you say ♪
- ♪ Say either ♪
Nope.
- ♪ I say neither. you say ♪
- ♪ Ne-ither ♪
No.
I like Earth.
I miss the fog.
What about you. Rock?
What do you miss
most about home?
Hmm. my mate.
Wait. what?
You got a mate?
Yes.
I mean. not that you...
I mean. I'm sure...
What's their name?
Name is...
It's beautiful.
Grace have mate. question?
No.
I mean. I did.
But she thought I had
my head in the clouds.
and I didn't really want
to live in the real world.
She was right.
Anyway. now she's with Mark.
Rocky hate Mark.
But enough about me.
You have a mate.
How long you been together?
186.3 years.
Like the honeymoon phase.
No understand.
That's a joke. Rock.
That's a long time.
You've been together a long time.
Is not enough.
♪ ...like brothers? ♪
♪ The future’s in the air ♪
♪ I can feel it everywhere ♪
♪ Blowing with the wind of change ♪
♪ Take me to the magic of the moment ♪
Permission to come aboard. Captain?
You're already aboard.
Did you get your free hat?
- Yeah. I kind of bought them.
- Oh.
You don't sing. huh?
Yeah. I do. I actually sang in
an Eastern German youth choir.
You're very mysterious.
No. I'm not.
I always wanted to be...
mysterious.
Talk too much.
That’s my problem.
Like right now.
I. uh. didn't mean to bother you.
You don't bother me.
It is such a weird party.
Is it?
Yao is singing.
Everyone's so happy.
People are
hooking up. and they all
know they're gonna die.
Camaraderie helps them
doing their job. you know?
Not so much me. So...
Must be hard having
to ask everybody to.
you know...
Actually. it isn't.
Yeah.
So. what do you think?
You think you're
gonna pull it off?
What. the whole thing?
Yeah.
God willing.
You believe in God?
It beats the alternative.
♪ Just stop your crying. it's a sign of the times ♪
♪ Welcome to the final show ♪
♪ I hope you're wearing your best clothes ♪
♪ You can't bribe the door on your way to the sky ♪
♪ You look pretty good down here ♪
♪ But you ain't really good ♪
♪ We never learn. we've been here before ♪
♪ Why are we always stuck and running from ♪
♪ The bullets. the bullet? ♪
♪ Just stop your crying. it's a sign of the times ♪
♪ We gotta get away from here ♪
♪ Just stop your crying. it'll be alright ♪
♪ They told me that the end is near ♪
♪ We gotta get away from here ♪
♪ Just stop your crying. have the time of your life ♪
♪ Breaking through the atmosphere ♪
♪ And it all looks good from here ♪
♪ Remember everything will be alright ♪
♪ We can meet again somewhere ♪
♪ Somewhere far away from here ♪
And that is enough.
Wish you could see this. Rock.
Rocky can see.
Boring.
What?
This is not boring.
Name of planet
Tau Ceti e
is same name as star.
plus "e".
Boring.
I guess it could
be a little more
evocative.
Astrophage sampler in position. question?
Yep.
Trays are live.
looking both ways.
It is time go.
It's time go.
What is Grace doing. question?
I'm having a moment.
You know. back on Earth. if you
discover something. you get to name it.
You were technically
the first one here. so...
Yes. name is Medium-Rough Texture Circle Planet.
'Kay.
Well. if Medium-Rough Texture Circle
Planet was taken. we'll just have a backup.
Maybe go with
something personal.
Personal.
What’s your mate’s name again?
Name is...
It’s okay. it’s okay. I remember.
Need human word for Rocky mate.
Adrian.
Is beautiful.
Well. that’s weird.
What?
It's the same amount.
both coming and going.
But if Astrophage is going to Adrian
to breed. there should be more leaving.
It should be double.
It doesn't make sense.
It's either not reproducing or...
it's not leaving the planet for some reason.
Oh. my God.
What?
What Grace see?
What Grace see. question?
Life.
This is not just Astrophage.
It's bacteria.
It's protozoa.
It's like cells on Erid.
And Earth.
What does this mean. question?
Well. if there's a
whole active biosphere
in the Petrova line.
it stands to reason there's
a whole active biosphere
on Adrian. which means...
There's life on Adrian.
Oh!
Grace! Grace!
Yeah?
Life!
Life is reason! Life is reason!
Yeah.
- You said it. buddy. Life is the reason.
- No. no. no. No understand. No understand.
Use your words.
- Life is reason for what?
- Life is reason! Life is reason!
Life is the reason for what?
Life is reason! Life is reason!
Life is reason what?
Life on Adrian is reason
Astrophage in balance.
Life on Adrian
makes Astrophage die.
Like a predator.
Yes.
That would keep the
population stable.
Grace. if we bring predator
home. our stars not die.
Life is reason star not die.
Why didn't you just say that?
If. there is some kind of
microbial predator on Adrian.
it'll be in the clouds
where Astrophage breeds.
Check.
Oh!
The problem is this ship wasn't built
to go into the atmosphere.
If we get within
five kilometers.
we'll be ripped
into a million pieces
and then we'll burn up.
Game over.
Game not over.
I make chain.
I make long chain.
I put collection device on end.
Oh yeah. yeah.
Five kilometers of chain. sure.
Guard me!
Like this chain. look.
- You can do that?
- Yes.
Kinda like fishing.
What's that?
- Whoa! Whoa!
- Fishing!
Can you believe it?
It can work.
Thumbs up. baby.
Hello. Earth.
Plan is like fishing.
We get very close
to Adrian atmosphere
and lower collector
into clouds with chain.
Then Grace go on
hull to reel it in.
If ship not at precise
angle and speed. we die.
Example.
We must fly backwards
to keep proper velocity.
Even though Grace still
have no pilot experience.
I've been practicing. haven't I?
- More! No. no. no. Left. Be left.
- What?
More left. More left.
It's perfect.
No. Wrong.
- Erratic maneuver detected.
- No. Wrong way.
Wrong way.
Wrong angle.
Bad. bad. bad.
Good. good. good.
Good. Bad.
Not enough. Not enough.
Too much! Left. left. left.
I'm barely pulling it.
No. is bad.
Grace Rocky dead.
- All Rocky plural. all Earth. die.
- Power off.
We die. We die.
Rocky has built
predator collector.
Rocky chain spooled and ready.
Grace pilot training.
Not as good.
What think. Earth?
- Hello?
- They can't hear you. pal.
- What?
- We're not actually talking to Earth.
Earth's too far away.
You know. we just
record these messages
and we tell them
what we've learned
and then when we're done.
we'll send them
all back in a probe.
Why not you tell them yourself
when you return home. question?
Yeah.
This is a one-way
ticket for me. pal.
- What?
- We had enough Astrophage to get here.
but not enough to get back.
So. what happens Grace. question?
Oh. I've... I got
enough food to last me
at least a couple years.
Maybe a couple more
if I stretch it out.
So. Grace die. question?
Yeah. once we're done.
I'm... I'm gonna die.
Why didn't you tell me?
It slipped my mind.
No....
Grace say Grace go home.
- Listen. Listen. Listen.
- No. No.
I got to meet you.
I got to do all
this amazing stuff.
I'm good.
I've made peace with it.
What mean? What mean make peace?
It means I know
I'm not going home.
I know why.
And it's okay.
- Thumbs up?
- No.
- Tiny thumbs up?
We got stars to save. okay?
Grace?
Yeah.
You are...
Need word.
W-W-What word do you need?
To risk self to help another.
Uh....
dumb.
Grace?
How much Astrophage
you need. question?
Two million kilograms.
I can give.
I go home six years slower.
That's too much.
Rocky watch crew die.
Could not fix.
Grace say Grace will die.
Rocky fix.
Grace go home.
Okay.
I thought you
made peace. question?
I didn't mean any of that.
That's just something you say.
Thank you.
Get over here.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
What? What's happening?
A hug.
Oh.
Mmm.
It's usually not something
one does by themselves.
Oh.
W-Wait. I do the same?
Would you just get in here?
How do you know
when the hug is done?
You just feel it.
Oh.
Are you feeling it now?
No.
Oh. Oh. okay. yeah.
We ran the sampler
simulation again this morning.
Shapiro and DuBois
nailed it again.
Okay. What about the others?
They'll be ready.
I expect so.
They have a great teacher.
Can you take a
compliment. please?
No.
It's an order.
Okay.
If it's an order. I'll take it.
Thank you.
Good.
What do you think?
It's pretty impressive.
Yeah.
You're...
You're good.
Three days. huh?
Yeah.
So... What are you gonna
do for the next 20 years?
You got a plan?
Huh.
Manual mode activated.
Go.
That's not half bad.
It's full
Time to go fishing. question?
It's now or never.
3.000 meters.
Probe signal.
Good.
Now comes the fun part.
Grace go out on hull
to retrieve collector?
No fun at all.
It's a joke.
Oh. humor.
Confusing.
Oh...
You've got to be kidding me.
What problem. question?
It's fine.
It's just... the sky
is... slightly on fire.
Words of encouragement.
You can't just say
words of encouragement.
Words of great encouragement.
Nope.
Feel that?
Yes
I'm not worried.
Are you worried?
Yes.
Great.
Collector is closed.
Move winch into position.
Whoo!
How long is this
supposed to take?
Collector should be here soon.
Yeah. it's here.
Amaze. amaze. amaze!
Careful. collector important.
Yup.
Altitude warning.
Oh. hurry. hurry.
Hurry. hurry.
Grace?
Grace. status update.
Status update.
Grace.
Grace is safe. question?
I'm okay.
Good. good. good.
Come inside with
predator collector now.
Uh.
Why not moving. question?
Warning!
Exterior temperature elevated.
Must move now. Go. go.
No. Grace.
Bad idea.
Come inside.
Be there in a minute.
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
Grace will die.
Can repeat mission.
Can try again later.
I don't think the risk
is going to be a later.
Abort. abort. abort.
Grace will die.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
Grace?
I'm here!
Amaze. amaze. amaze!
Grace okay. question?
Well. I'm not dead. so yes.
Good. good. good. good. good.
Where is that noise coming from?
Noise is from all around.
Is loudest at port side of bedroom.
The gravity is
tearing the ship apart.
We leave now. question?
We leave now. statement.
Hull pressure.
Warning! Warning!
Hull bending in big
room below bedroom.
That's the fuel tanks.
Oh. bad. bad. bad.
Well. it's not great.
- Bad. bad. bad.
- Warning!
Okay. okay. okay.
Everybody. everybody. calm down.
Calm down!
Try to keep yourself
together. Mary.
Stop engine now?
Not yet.
We need to get into
orbit or we'll crash!
I have an idea.
First. no crash.
Then. not explode.
Deal?
Deal.
Hold on.
Now?
Wait.
Now!
Did we do it?
- Why ship moving. question?
- There's a hole in it!
Hull breach.
Port side fuel compartments 11 and 12.
Grace. What happening. question?
The fuel is migrating to Adrian!
Eject bad fuel bay. question?
Yeah.
Jettison port fuel tank
compartment 12. Confirm.
Rocky!
Jettison port fuel tank
compartment 11. Confirm.
Eject other fuel bay!
One nanogram of Astrophage
isn't enough to blow up a building.
The quartermaster gave him
one milligram by mistake.
That's a million times the heat
energy that they're prepared for.
A measuring mistake killed
my entire science team.
It doesn't matter.
we have to launch.
If we miss the orbital window.
it'll set us back months.
Yeah. but if no one's trained to
do the mission. it won't matter.
Casualty projections go up
exponentially if we delay.
We launch on schedule with a
replacement science officer.
Okay. but... who?
I mean that...
I'm not an astronaut.
I don't need an astronaut.
I need an expert on Astrophage
who's mission ready.
I'm not ready.
I don't have any training.
Well. pick it up.
I'm not an astronaut.
I put the "not" in astronaut.
I've never done anything.
I've never done a spacewalk.
I can't even moonwalk.
I haven't done
the whole pool thing.
No. no. no.
This is just we do for the picture.
For social media.
I'm not heroic in any way.
I get sick on the elevator.
Oh. perfect.
There's no elevator on the ship.
I cannot do this.
You're smart.
You'll figure it out.
This might be very hard
for you to understand.
but some people are failures.
Some people don't
rise to the challenge.
You've been present for
every major scientific
or strategic meeting
we've had on the mission.
You're missing out an
important part of the mission.
which is the suicide part.
Grace. you'd be in
very cool company.
If you don't go. you die anyway.
Yeah. but I die
in 30 years with...
"With the rest of us."
You have no immediate family.
You don't even have a dog.
So. just so I'm clear....
you're asking me right now to...
give up my life.
I am. We all are.
Can I think about this?
You have three hours.
Eye movement detected.
Good morning. Dr. Grace.
I'll watch you sleep. pal.
But. uh... you gotta wake up.
I'm not sure what to do.
I've done everything
I can think of.
I made him a heat lamp.
And he left me one last message.
We have our predator.
Right now I'm calling it "Taumoeba".
And I'm sure that when you
wake up. you'll have a lot to say...
about why that's a bad name.
because it's just an amoeba from Tau Ceti
and putting "Tau"
in front of "amoeba".
But I would argue there's an
elegance to that. a simplicity.
Let's not fight about it now.
Let's just. we'll table it. And we'll...
I did a test at different atmospheric variables
and fun fact. every time I introduced nitrogen.
it died.
And I know you're thinking....
"Well. that's terrible because that's
a problem 'cause we need it...
to survive in the
conditions of Venus."
Obviously I had to figure
out how to breed a new strain
of nitrogen-resistant Taumoeba.
And guess what I used?
The breeder tanks that
we made with your xenonite.
And you know what?
Now we're just...
a couple of very cool dudes with their very
own strain of nitrogen-resistant Taumoeba.
Really all we have to do now
is breed enough to survive the trip.
And you got to wake up because I don't know how to get your half of the Taumoeba to Erid.
So....
no pressure.
but we did make a deal.
Shhh.
Grace?
Rock. could you just.
I don't know.
give me a little
chance. please.
to sleep a little?
Did we find predator?
No? Is yes.
Amaze. amaze. amaze.
Rocky breeder tank design.
Good job. Rock.
We can go home. statement.
We can go home.
Fist my bump.
Nope.
It's still not right.
I'll do it.
Good. good. good.
So what we do now. question?
We party.
Wow.
Is special clothing
for celebration.
You're making me
think that I have to. uh....
- What?
- up my game.
What is this?
If you don't mind.
Rocky... Rocky get one!
There you go.
Is good.
Oh. yeah.
It's not much. just a little something.
Your very own laptop.
My portable Earth
thinking-machine.
With all human knowledge.
Thank you. thank you. thank you.
And just one more thing.
Yes?
What. what's this?
It's Earth.
So you can remember me.
Rocky can't forget.
I didn't get you anything.
You gave me everything.
But if I were to
give you something?
It'd be pretty cool
to see your ship.
I understand you think I'm
the right person for this mission.
but...
I can't do it.
You'll find a solution.
You are my solution.
My place is in the classroom.
Stop pretending this is about
your students. it's so insulting.
Grace. we will lose...
a quarter of the world's population
in next 30 years.
And that assumes
that the nations
of the world work
together to ration food.
Which they won't.
So I double the estimate.
And if you would truly care about...
the children
or anyone else for that matter.
you'd get on that ship.
I understand the stakes.
I do.
But I don't have it in me.
My mind is made up.
I'm sorry. but. uh...
you just can't talk me into it.
I'm sorry.
I'm not trying to talk
you into anything.
I am trying to make
you understand
what I'm about to do next.
Yeah. please.
Stay calm. Come in.
What is this?
Mission plan will state that we induced
your coma early to maximize your safety.
You will be
remembered as a hero.
Come on. This is crazy.
I have to do it.
You're not. Come on.
What are you doing?
This may seem like me betraying you.
but it's actually me believing in you.
It sure feels like
you're betraying me.
Don't make this harder. please.
Come on. guys.
Let's keep talking about it.
Sit down and we
do it differently.
Get out of here.
Yeah. he's running.
No! No! Carl! Carl! I can't do it!
No!
Don't do it! Don't do it! Don't do it!
You know who you are.
Carl!
You're gonna do great.
I'm trying to think if
there's anything I forgot.
Fuel tank fix. okay. question?
Oh. yeah. yeah.
They're working great.
Oh. good.
Happy. happy. happy.
Well....
my friend.
Yes. friend?
I'm not sure what to say.
so I'm just gonna...
Grace?
No one to watch you sleep.
Yeah.
You are very brave.
Oh. I don't know about that.
You are the bravest
human I have ever met.
Hey.
Is joke.
I know.
I only meet one
human. and is you.
I get it.
It's a good joke.
Good joke.
All right.
Well...
Goodbye.
No understand word.
Means. uh....
see you later.
But I won't see you later.
I know.
How do you say
goodbye back home?
We don't.
Hmm.
We do this.
Journey to Earth will take 4 years.
2 months. and 11 days.
Contaminant detected.
There's a leak.
The problem is the xenonite.
The Taumoeba can get through it.
Probably because we bred it
in the xenonite breeder tanks
it evolved to escape it.
I was able to stop it before it
ate all the Astrophage on the ship.
Rocky's ship is
built of xenonite.
The Taumoeba will already
be in its fuel lines.
He won't be able to find the leak
because the leak is the ship itself.
He'll be without any fuel.
Stranded.
His life support
systems will fail.
If that doesn't kill him
the radiation sickness will.
He's looking at a long. slow.
painful death.
Alone.
I can't do both.
I can go home...
or I can save Rocky.
I've sent you detailed
logs of all of our findings.
And enough Taumoeba
for you to start
your very own Taumoeba farm.
At least I never
have to hear you say.
"I told you so."
Even though you were right.
Rocky!
Hey!
Come on. Rock!
I'm here. buddy.
Earth. Rocky. Rocky. Earth.
Hello. Earth. I am Rocky.
I am Rocky from Erid.
I am not Rocky from movie.
No. no. no. no. no.
I'm pretty sure they know that.
I've left you detailed
logs of all of our findings...
and I threw in a little
something else just for fun.
Hopefully. it all makes sense.
And if not....
you're smart.
You'll figure it out.
This is Dr. Captain Ryland Grace
reporting from the Hail Mary.
As the Eridians say...
Let's begin.
Good morning. Armando.
You shouldn't have.
That's a noogie.
I'm coming!
Why you take so long?
Why you always
gotta be so early?
I knock and I knock.
Yeah. I know. and I ignored you.
- Grace. the door.
- Oh.
- Close the door.
- Yeah.
Why? I thought this
was a safe neighborhood.
I make door. You close door.
Okay.
It's just Armando likes the fresh air.
Can we talk about the water
temperature a little bit?
Yes.
It's amazing.
Just that you've done it at all.
Very cold.
And. before. it was boiling.
Is there an in-between?
I ask Adrian to work on this.
Please tell the bio-dome
illumination team that it's perfect now.
You no want it sunnier than this?
Oh no. this is. you know
I'm a sucker for the fog.
Grace.
Yeah. pal.
Eridian scientists are ready...
to prepare Hail Mary for journey home.
Can I think about it?
Yes. think about it long time.
Good morning. class.
Okay.
Everyone. take their seats.
Let's wake up.
Who can tell me
the speed of light?
Subtitles Provided by: BOTHD. EaZy
Verified. Resynced & Edited by: Muzzy-chan
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm